up to single size
nations and do not doubt it
you changed my life
listen out
I do not know what happened I met you
chance in my chest has landed you not
I know if it's true I never saw you but something
I feel for you I think you would be in me
until the end
I can not get you out of my dreams I caught you
honey, very good moment I spent with you from
child with the heart in his hand I write
there are reasons why I do not write you
you did not come down from heaven you are a blessing
handle my impulse at your whim in each
song the ink falling through your eyes
When you feel bad each phrase is a
I sigh that without thinking he gives me I think
you all the time
you travel when it blows through my window the
wind play with your hair and whisper
in your ear you know very well that it is true
everything you say and live thinking
you will never leave even though so many people
try to separate everything is in vain already
it depends on me leave everything aside only
i am for you
I know I can not see you but I hear you
I have so much to write and I will do it for
you although the many of you live in
every note I get lost in your melody and it's
when my speaking heart is that the
I wanted to be with you I crossed myself
everything of mine I put so that love
grow little by little the lights went out
When I touch you I feel so sane
and at the same time so crazy only with the elbows
fraseos if you show just you your
great virtue fullness and my Lucrecia
the sky split and suddenly you came down
you asked me nothing just do not let go
I can not take you to expensive places,
I have money much less a luxurious car
what material is going the touch apparently it
gave away in my songs and a rich
dawn I can see a great future
with you beautiful if I do not feel your
presence my soul destroys you are you the
goddess you are life as the color of a
pink
I'm handcuffed to you beautiful why
I want to look at another space to be able to reach
go more slowly than my music I tell it
and that my music says I want to look
another space to be able to go more
Slowly let my music tell you that my
music say it
between voices mistake 2014 the just
record is greater than 2000 in the
instrumental
making the real forever music
music what is needed in the world
music music
Y